-27-Mar	Day1 of coding, I coded in the morning and observed in afternoon. I Started fleshing out the api's for our outfits completing the basemodels for OutfitIn, OutfitOut, some of the ratings stuff (needs updating) before getting started on authentication. Got a working hardcoded response for outfit out. Helped Amro in group programming with setting up the database to ensure the front end stuff can work with it. Got create and list working with the database but no authentication yet. Logan took lead of getting authentication started afterwards. Got the login and logout endpoints working and making progress towards creating a user.

28-Mar	Day2 Of coding, Was assisting development of auth system with SQL database (creating migrations, following JWT apis). I did some debugging in the evening with cursor not returning from database. Estimate done with auth tomorrow or early Thursday at the latest. Auth is a blocker to do any other backend work.

29-Mar	Day3, Seemed to get Auth working, fleshing out the ratings and outfit pathes. Got outfit creation working with auth id, working on ratings too. Amro split off to do front-end stuff. Logan, Dan and I (sam) worked together in live share, we decided to take turns who shares screen and does git stuff.

30-Mar	day4 of coding. Create rating working and assosiates rating with user who created it. Added some data integrety protection, ensuring ratings are the correct value and you cannot submit more than one rating per outfit with 400 codes. I coded with Logan and Dan assisting in live workspace as well as screen sharing. Amro working on his front end magic
